# FCC filings visualization
This project uses simple natural language processing tools (FastText for document2vector embeddings, sklearn for TfIDF) to help visualize the positions taken by different stakeholders in the communication policy space. The visualization is based on standard dimensionality reduction techniques (singular value decomposition and t-SNE).

Example: One issue that the FCC recently addressed was about restrictions placed by local governments on access to utility poles which may be owned by local governments or utility companies. Poles not only carry power lines, but also support communication network gear such as fiber optic cables and related hardware. The poles thus have a *power space* (transmission lines, usually higher up the pole) and also a *communication space* (usually lower on the pole). Network gear may be attached directly to the poles (pole mount), or attached to steel cables running along poles (strand mounts). There are regional variations on how quickly and easily communication companies can obtain permissions to access poles to attach new equipment or modify existing equipment. Naturally different parties have startkly different views and these are represented in filings by individuals and organizations (including lobbying groups).  

The project is an attempt to visualize clustering and differences in these opinions. Even though filings are all in English, the idea is that embeddings created from filings by distinct groups should lead to different clusters. 
